So the idea is this we have the haul command which is Haul x from point A to point B when X in B is < y or X in A > z. Or back and fourth continues. whatever the rules are, there should be many options. So now we can keep things stocked. now we need to maintan a population. To breed wwe need food, two units off breeding age and a house. So we create the breeding automation that you connect to a house. You add rules when to fire the automation to breed at the house. Its up to the user to ake sure there is food at the house. this autoation doesnt do that for you. There is a conditional ffor when it fires whether that is keep the population above a certain point or continues(need the population to skyrocket). When it fires it tryies to find 2 units that are doramant within a radius and routes them to the house then starts breeding. Iff there is no dormant units(not working or not part of an automation) we pull the two closest units to the house to start breeding. This is a perfect point to bring up auto role replacment whether it is a farmer working a farmm or any unit thats linked to an automation. When a unit dies or is pulled for breeding we first look to see if there are ANY dormant units of the same role. If there are we either route the to the structure they are to work at as a replacment. or assign themm the autoation of the unit they are replacing. If there are no units of the same role, we try to find a unit with no role. In this case we route the to the closest school, train them for that role, the do the same as the other case. THese are the two options. we dont retrain a soldier to be a farmer autommatically. Its up to the user to have an effective workforce. This training step of auto reassign will use the underlying training autommation that is added to schools. here we have conditions like "keep number of haulers above x". When the number of haulers is below, the automation fires. It first finds the closest unassigned unit, routes them to the school and starts training them as a hauler. They are then at the school ready to be auto assigned. This way the user must anage their workforce and balance it with breeeding rate. it all works together. this whole loop does a lot of the hommesteading functionality but also ties into any other automation. with these tools you can ffeed and breed.
